update ssp:faq (#10)
0xcatalysis/docs: docs/ssp/faqs.md

3. **What are the benefits for restaking protocols to integrate with Catalysis?**

> Restaking protocols integrating with Catalysis benefit from demand aggregation, as Catalysis serves as a distribution channel for Networks seeking economic security.
> 
> They also enjoy simplified onboarding processes that allow high-quality Networks to integrate more easily, boosting participation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restaking protocols benefit from demand aggregation as Catalysis serves as a distribution channel for Networks seeking economic security. They also gain from simplified onboarding which makes it easier for high-quality Networks to join and drives greater participation.
```
